# Sample VN script for demonstration
label start:
scene classroom_day
show teacher happy
teacher "Good morning class. Welcome to VN Manager."
student "Good morning teacher!"
teacher "Today we'll learn how to create visual novel scenes in Unity."
student "Sounds fun!"
teacher "We'll start with the basics."
student "What do we need first?"
teacher "First, you'll need to import the VNManager prefab into your scene."
student "Got it, what's next?"
teacher "Then you create a TextAsset with your story script."
student "Like this file?"
teacher "Exactly. Save it under the Resources folder so the manager can load it."
student "Okay. What about characters?"
teacher "You can show characters with the 'show' command."
student "Cool! Can I change expressions?"
teacher "Yes, just specify the expression name."
student "Nice!"
teacher "Great. We'll also use menus for choices."
student "Choices will let the player branch the story, right?"
teacher "Correct."
student "How do we define a choice?"
teacher "Use the 'menu:' command with indented options."
student "That's simple."
teacher "Now let's demonstrate with a small question."
menu:
    "Do you understand?" 
    jump understood
    "Can you repeat?" 
    jump repeat

label repeat:
teacher "Sure, let's go over it again."
student "Thanks!"
jump understood

label understood:
teacher "Fantastic. Let's continue."
student "What's next?"
teacher "Now you can call other labels or scenes."
student "Great!"
teacher "We'll stop here for now."
student "Alright. Thanks for the lesson!"
call extended
return

label extended:
teacher "This is an extended conversation for the sample script."
student "We can keep talking for demonstration."
teacher "The more lines we add, the better we can test."
student "Should we talk about backgrounds?"
teacher "Sure. Use the 'scene' command with the background name."
student "Can I change the background anytime?"
teacher "Yes. Whenever you want a new setting."
student "And it loads from Resources/VN/Backgrounds?"
teacher "Correct again."
student "Nice. What about character positions?"
teacher "This simple system doesn't handle positions yet."
student "Maybe we can extend it later."
teacher "That's a good idea."
student "What about playing sound?"
teacher "You could extend the parser to handle that too."
student "So basically it's flexible?"
teacher "Exactly. Modify or add commands to suit your needs."
student "Thanks for explaining everything."
teacher "You're welcome."
return
